README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src="Assets/gh/logo.jpg" alt="Prism: Design System Code Generator logo" title="Prism: Design System Code Generator logo" />
<br />
<a href="https://app.bitrise.io/app/8c4e1ba1563e5946" target="_blank" alt="Build Status" title="Build Status"><img src="https://app.bitrise.io/app/8c4e1ba1563e5946/status.svg?token=ue1KMfY2dyQvqUUwEIAEmw&branch=master" alt="Build Status" title="Build Status" /></a>
<a href="https://codecov.io/gh/gtforge/prism" target="_blank" alt="Code Coverage for Prism on codecov" title="Code Coverage for Prism on codecov"><img src="https://codecov.io/gh/gtforge/prism/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=5ogymxRFpf" alt="Code Coverage for Prism on codecov" title="Code Coverage for Prism on codecov"/></a>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-macOS%20%7C%20Linux-%23989898" />
<a href="https://github.com/apple/swift-package-manager"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SPM-compatible-brightgreen.svg" alt="Swift Package Manager Support" /></a>
</p>

Prism is a Design System code generator developed by the team at Gett 🚕.

Synchronizing design teams with engineering teams is a huge challenge.

As teams scale, new growing pains start around how to properly align colors, text styles and other design details between teams, in a uniform way, from a single source of truth.

Prism was built to solve this very problem! It takes a Zeplin project as input, and generates any output code you want from a project's styleguide based on a set of templates in your project, resulting in cross-platform code that is always synchronized from a single source-of-truth (Your project's Zeplin Styleguide).

Prism is especially useful when used in your CI/CD process to remove the friction of design handoff and review, and making sure all of your teams are properly synchronized in regards to naming, values, and more.

## Getting Started

### 🌈 Getting Prism

There are three options: 

1. **Run with SPM**: `swift run prism generate` 
2. **Build locally**: `make` - this will build and install `prism` in **/usr/local/bin** (or run `swift build -c release` to only build without installing)
3. Use the pre-built binary attached to a release (or in the **bin** folder)

### 🔑 Geting a Zeplin API Token

To use Prism, you'll need to generate a Personal Access Token (JWT) to Zeplin's API. 

You can do that by going to [http://app.zeplin.io/oauth/v2/beta/access_token](http://app.zeplin.io/oauth/v2/beta/access_token).

You'll need to expose this token to run the `prism` CLI tool. Make sure you have a `ZEPLIN_TOKEN` environment variable with your token configured. 

When running `prism` in a CI environemnt, we recommend adding `ZEPLIN_TOKEN` as an Environment Secret.

When using `prism` locally or bootstraping your project for the first time, you can simply run `export ZEPLIN_TOKEN='zeplin_personal_token'` before running `prism` locally.

### 👢 Bootstrap Prism for your Project

Inside your project folder, run `prism init`. 

It will guide you through selecting a Zeplin project as source along with other useful information for proper code generation. Once `prism init` is successful, you'll find a new `.prism` folder with a `config.yml` file outlining your preferences.

### 🎨 Creating Templates

Prism uses templates with the `.prism` suffix located in your project's `.prism` folder. These Prism templates are basically plain text files — Prism doesn't really care what format or language you use, it can make _any kind of output_ as long as you can express it in a Prism template file.

Prism looks for something called [**Tokens**](Documentation/Tokens.md) inside your templates. These tokens follow the following format: `{{%token%}}`. You can find a couple of sample templates in the [Examples](https://github.com/gtforge/Prism/tree/master/Examples) folder.

Here are two short example of generating colors code for iOS and Android using Prism templates.

**Colors.swift.prism**:

![Color.swift iOS Prism Template](Assets/gh/Colors-iOS.png "Color.swift iOS Prism Template")

**colors.xml.prism**:

![Color.swift Android Prism Template](Assets/gh/Colors-Android.png "Color.swift Android Prism Template")
    
## Development

* Run `make` or `make install` to build a release binary of the `prism` CLI tool and install it to **/usr/local/bin**.
* Run `make build` to build a release binary of the `prism` CLI tool and copy it to the **bin** folder.
* Run `make project` to create an Xcode project and start working.
* Run `make test` to run all tests.
* Run `make clean` to clear the generated Xcode project.

Commit message:

Add instructions for generating PAT

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src="Assets/gh/logo.jpg" alt="Prism: Design System Code Generator logo" title="Prism: Design System Code Generator logo" />
<br />
<a href="https://app.bitrise.io/app/8c4e1ba1563e5946" target="_blank" alt="Build Status" title="Build Status"><img src="https://app.bitrise.io/app/8c4e1ba1563e5946/status.svg?token=ue1KMfY2dyQvqUUwEIAEmw&branch=master" alt="Build Status" title="Build Status" /></a>
<a href="https://codecov.io/gh/gtforge/prism" target="_blank" alt="Code Coverage for Prism on codecov" title="Code Coverage for Prism on codecov"><img src="https://codecov.io/gh/gtforge/prism/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=5ogymxRFpf" alt="Code Coverage for Prism on codecov" title="Code Coverage for Prism on codecov"/></a>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-macOS%20%7C%20Linux-%23989898" />
<a href="https://github.com/apple/swift-package-manager"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SPM-compatible-brightgreen.svg" alt="Swift Package Manager Support" /></a>
</p>

Prism is a Design System code generator developed by the team at Gett 🚕.

Synchronizing design teams with engineering teams is a huge challenge.

As teams scale, new growing pains start around how to properly align colors, text styles and other design details between teams, in a uniform way, from a single source of truth.

Prism was built to solve this very problem! It takes a Zeplin project as input, and generates any output code you want from a project's styleguide based on a set of templates in your project, resulting in cross-platform code that is always synchronized from a single source-of-truth (Your project's Zeplin Styleguide).

Prism is especially useful when used in your CI/CD process to remove the friction of design handoff and review, and making sure all of your teams are properly synchronized in regards to naming, values, and more.

## Getting Started

### 🌈 Getting Prism

There are three options: 

1. **Run with SPM**: `swift run prism generate` 
2. **Build locally**: `make` - this will build and install `prism` in **/usr/local/bin** (or run `swift build -c release` to only build without installing)
3. Use the pre-built binary attached to a release (or in the **bin** folder)

### 🔑 Geting a Zeplin API Token

To use Prism, you'll need to generate a Personal Access Token (JWT) to Zeplin's API by going to [https://app.zeplin.io/profile/developer](https://app.zeplin.io/profile/developer) and click the **Create new token** button in the **Personal access tokens** section:

![Generating a Zeplin Personal Access Token](Assets/gh/pat.png "Generating a Zeplin Personal Access Token")

You'll need to expose this token to run the `prism` CLI tool. Make sure you have a `ZEPLIN_TOKEN` environment variable with your token configured. 

When running `prism` in a CI environemnt, we recommend adding `ZEPLIN_TOKEN` as an Environment Secret.

When using `prism` locally or bootstraping your project for the first time, you can simply run `export ZEPLIN_TOKEN='zeplin_personal_token'` before running `prism` locally.

### 👢 Bootstrap Prism for your Project

Inside your project folder, run `prism init`. 

It will guide you through selecting a Zeplin project as source along with other useful information for proper code generation. Once `prism init` is successful, you'll find a new `.prism` folder with a `config.yml` file outlining your preferences.

### 🎨 Creating Templates

Prism uses templates with the `.prism` suffix located in your project's `.prism` folder. These Prism templates are basically plain text files — Prism doesn't really care what format or language you use, it can make _any kind of output_ as long as you can express it in a Prism template file.

Prism looks for something called [**Tokens**](Documentation/Tokens.md) inside your templates. These tokens follow the following format: `{{%token%}}`. You can find a couple of sample templates in the [Examples](https://github.com/gtforge/Prism/tree/master/Examples) folder.

Here are two short example of generating colors code for iOS and Android using Prism templates.

**Colors.swift.prism**:

![Color.swift iOS Prism Template](Assets/gh/Colors-iOS.png "Color.swift iOS Prism Template")

**colors.xml.prism**:

![Color.swift Android Prism Template](Assets/gh/Colors-Android.png "Color.swift Android Prism Template")
    
## Development

* Run `make` or `make install` to build a release binary of the `prism` CLI tool and install it to **/usr/local/bin**.
* Run `make build` to build a release binary of the `prism` CLI tool and copy it to the **bin** folder.
* Run `make project` to create an Xcode project and start working.
* Run `make test` to run all tests.
* Run `make clean` to clear the generated Xcode project.
